more inferior more superclassic in
fifth division championship cup date 10
we arrived on Friday confirmed river
equaled with mouth 11 the output of the
draw teams between captains
cristian moreno in mouth and morán strap
on river
we are in the dance to the king is going to have
the first revolution with tomás andrade
rebound to the medium that tomás morán correa
tremendous the relevant one that I was going to draw
from outside the area and hope outside
the opening of the marker would arrive in
this action to go out playing martínez
will combine with andrade touch the middle
the eyelet shot but if it falls and Pablo
barboza corrects left-handed trajectory
1 to 0
up
mouth in search of equality clear let's go
falling as a visitor but fast free
the play gets dirty but the
Suarez maneuvers in the area and finishes off
also just deviated again
tomás andrade
when generating the game on river
lefty on the right plays with the trip
the big mini auction and just outside
Luis Villalba giving directions the
team won by 1 to 0 pass of joel are
and now eye back said Luis and
mauro gonzález the center of guillermo
villalba
saved on the line kings is more bounces
ends by clearing the million dollar defense
mill touches mouth in the middle receives
finally ricardo antúnes
a hard foul from lucas martínez and the
referee finishes expelling the defender
local
numerical superiority for mouth
in court not in the result already
tremendous purpose tomás auction
pochettino nothing to be for the archer
seeks to tie he celebrated
particular of the man scene I made together
to his teammates the substitutes and part
from the public yesterday in ezeiza
river with 10 mouths with 11 before one and they are
and now pochettino the center and only
guillermo villalba above the
crossbeam inexplicably loses the
second
it leaves mouth that grew from the
expulsion of lucas martínez
pochettino great pass to villalba
to fend against battle opens
define and save the final kings line
river and mouth in the fifth tied 1-1